Jen

from: Postmaster
date: Friday, October 1, 2004 1:30 PM
subject: Undeliverable Mail
Unknown user: x
RCPT TO generated following response: 550 unknown user
<x@x.x>
Original message follows.
> from: x@x.x
> date: Friday, October 1, 2004 12:47 PM
> subject: (No Subject)
>
> HUMAN ARM AND LEG BONES FOUND ON STREET
>
> Scottsdale residents got a shock at the start of their
morning commute
> when they found what seems to be human bones lying in the
road on Sage Drive.
>
> Crime scene technicians arrived within half an hour and
began to sweep
> the scene for more evidence that might help identify this
human victim,
> or at least establish an approximate time of death.
Police spokesman
> Daniel Swift said bone evidence alone isn’t usually
enough to determine
> identity or even cause of death.
>
> “These remains didn’t just appear in the road. They were
moved here,”
> Swift said. “Therefore we’re asking any witnesses to
contact the police
> with information that might pertain to what happened.” No
other evidence
> was found along Sage street or in yards of neighboring
homes. More on
> this story as it develops.
>
>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
> Whoever you are, whatever you are,
> Fuck you. I may not know you, but I can tell what this
is,
> and I’m not fooled. Your venus fly-trap game won’t work.
> I’ll make damn sure to warn Jenny and others, too. So,
> nice try, but no one is falling for your bait this time.
>
> It stops here.

Eric’s Updates: October 14–28, 2004
It has become painfully obvious that, although I want this
to end — for all of us to have closure regarding Mark’s
disappearance — the trail he left has raised too many
unanswered questions. Since the time I first published this
site for Jen and those close to Mark, new information
continues to arrive from a variety of sources.
In my last posted email, I refused to take the bait. I said
it would stop here. But it doesn’t stop there. Not by any
stretch. This page will chronicle my findings and other
resources as I discover them. Some may have no connection
to how or why Mark vanished. Only time will tell.
A final note, for those of you like Sondra and Nathan
Condry, the truth is I don’t yet know what to believe with
this whole thing.
But I know what I don’t want to believe.
_________________________________
10.14.2004
Jen called. She spoke with Boise police again yesterday,
and they have finally agreed to ship down the laptop. Once
she gets it and looks at it herself, she’ll send it my way.
If I find anything new, I’ll add it here.

10.17.2004
Among the spam today I received this email, from someone
who seems to have stumbled upon the site:
from: “MrParanoia”
subject: The House
Very interesting. If it’s real, I have some information for
you. I don’t know Mark but that won’t matter once I send
you this link. Based on what I’ve researched, those who
have figured out what this “flytrap house” is, risk
becoming its next victim. Not everyone is eaten by it/them,
maybe. Some may just not be psychologically susceptible to
it, the way some aren’t able to be hypnotized. But if you
walk away knowing too much about it, the house will get to
you. Sooner or later (witness the Madsons). Maybe you don’t
want to know anything else...
Well, regardless of how I feel about it, this site isn’t
for me. So in case you read it here first, send me what you
have and I’ll decide if I want to share it, MrParanoia.
Also, don’t expect me to publish your messages to me ever
again. I am not a PR firm.

10.22.2004
After trading emails several times with MrParanoia, he
finally sent the link mentioned in the 10/17 email. Jen,
I’ve read it already, and I want you to treat it as a hoax,
unless you get something in the mail from a grocery store
in Arizona. Call me when you’ve read it and we’ll talk.
It’s a LiveJournal site, which means to read it
chronologically you need to scroll to the bottom of the
page and work your way up.
The journal author is (allegedly) a 16-year-old named
Danielle Stephens. Here is the link.

10.26.2004
Jen, please call me back. I know it must be driving you
crazy, but do NOT go to Phoenix. Mark was never there,
despite what the postmark says on that box. The keys are
just like the article about Andrew: bait. Please, please
don’t do this. Send me the laptop and we’ll figure it out
together, okay?
I wouldn’t have to put this here if you’d answer your
phone. I know you visit this page regularly. Call me.

10.26.2004 (late)
Lots of responses, I didn’t expect this. Thank you for your
support (and your technical notes). At this time I cannot
involve and will not involve anyone else for a number of
reasons. Please respect my decision on this matter. I will
keep the contact information for the paranormal
investigators, and I will continue to help those close to
Mark as best I can. Please, no more phone calls. Connie is
going out of her mind.
Thank you.

10.27.2004
Sondra/Nathan: check your email. I finally heard back from
the Sprint PCS service rep today. No more account
authorization hassles. He said their records show (and have
billed for) only 14 text messages from Mark’s phone on
9.21, the last one timestamped at 5:11. He’s sending me a
copy of the logs, but I’m not sure if they’ll do us any
good at this point.
Awaiting the laptop now.

10.28.2004
I’ve been contacted by Diane M., who says she was friends
with Lucy Madson when she lived in Houston.
Hello Eric. A friend linked me to this site asking if this
was the same Lucy I knew when I lived in Sugar Land. After
doing some reading, I’m convinced it is. I had no idea what
happened to her after she and John moved.
Lucy and I met through a little book club some mutual
friends started up. We were both avid readers. Yes, she and
John had all sorts of unexplainable problems with that
house. I remember seeing some of them firsthand (like the
leak). After reading about your friend Mark, I stewed a
bit, then called up my father. I often talked with Lucy on
AIM when she lived here, and thought maybe some of those
old dialogs would be of use to you, but they would’ve been
on my old PC which I gave to my dad, oh, a year ago.
I went over earlier tonight and dug through the program
files for any sign of my AIM chats with Lucy way back when.
Dad had removed a lot of stuff (he deletes things) but I
did find a scrap from Feb 99. It’s the one I remembered;
the one that made me curious to visit.
Note — I don’t really think it’s a supernatural thing, I’m
more prone to think Lucy had a sort of nervous breakdown,
and “created” or imagined traumatic moments in the house.
The rest of it, like your friend’s experience, I can’t
explain. But I hope you find closure soon.
The attachment wouldn’t open, but hopefully Diane will try
again.
Update: I got the chatlog and converted it to HTML. I don’t
know if Diane is still using her screen name, or if Lucy’s
is taken by a new user now, so to protect both from any
unwarranted IMs I’ve removed the numbers from the ends of
their nicks. If there are users with the nicks in this log,
they are not the same people. FYI. Here is the AIM chatlog.
